Text
I have bought several of the Vitality canned dog food products and have found them all to be of good quality. The product looks more like a stew than a processed meat and it smells better. My Labrador is finicky and she appreciates this product better than  most.
"Product arrived labeled as Jumbo Salted Peanuts...the peanuts were actually small sized unsalted. Not sure if this was an error or if the vendor intended to represent the product as ""Jumbo""."
 and The Wardrobe"" - this is the treat that seduces Edmund into selling out his Brother and Sisters to the Witch."
If you are looking for the secret ingredient in Robitussin I believe I have found it.  I got this in addition to the Root Beer Extract I ordered (which was good) and made some cherry soda.  The flavor is very medicinal.
 this is a deal."
 this lasted only two weeks! I would recommend this brand of taffy -- it was a delightful treat."
 Fralinger's.  Would highly recommend this candy!  I served it at a beach-themed party and everyone loved it!"
This taffy is so good.  It is very soft and chewy.  The flavors are amazing.  I would definitely recommend you buying it.  Very satisfying!!
Right now I'm mostly just sprouting this so my cats can eat the grass. They love it. I rotate it around with Wheatgrass and Rye too
This is a very healthy dog food. Good for their digestion. Also good for small puppies. My dog eats her required amount at every feeding.
 incredible service!"
 no by-product food up higher where only my skinny boy can jump.  The higher food sits going stale.  They both really go for this food.  And my chubby boy has been losing about an ounce a week."
 I now need to find a new food that my cats will eat."
good flavor! these came securely packed... they were fresh and delicious! i love these Twizzlers!
The Strawberry Twizzlers are my guilty pleasure - yummy. Six pounds will be around for a while with my son and I.
My daughter loves twizzlers and this shipment of six pounds really hit the spot. It's exactly what you would expect...six packages of strawberry twizzlers.
I love eating them and they are good for watching TV and looking at movies! It is not too sweet. I like to transfer them to a zip lock baggie so they stay fresh so I can take my time eating them.
I am very satisfied with my Twizzler purchase.  I shared these with others and we have all enjoyed them.  I will definitely be ordering more.
 1998. This Product is Kosher! Thank You"
Candy was delivered very fast and was purchased at a reasonable price.  I was home bound and unable to get to a store so this was perfect for me.
 packed well and arrive in a timely manner."
 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)</a>"
I can remember buying this candy as a kid and the quality hasn't dropped in all these years. Still a superb product you won't be disappointed with.
I love this candy.  After weight watchers I had to cut back but still have a craving for it.
 more often than I'm able to buy them right now."
 16-Ounce Bags (Pack of 6)</a>"
 No flavor . Just  plan and chewy .  I would never buy them again"
I was so glad Amazon carried these batteries.  I have a hard time finding them elsewhere because they are such a unique size.  I need them for my garage door opener.<br />Great deal for the price.
 you would never guess that they're sugar-free and it's so great that you can eat them pretty much guilt free!  i was so impressed that i've ordered some for myself (w dark chocolate) to take to the office so i'll eat them instead of snacking on sugary sweets.<br />These are just EXCELLENT!"
 incredible service!"
 too (as a usually non-coffee drinker!).<br />The little Dolche Guesto Machine is super easy to use and prepares a really good Coffee/Latte/Cappuccino/etc in less than a minute (if water is heated up). I would recommend the Dolce Gusto to anyone. Too good for the price and I'am getting one myself! :)"
 thanks Amazon for selling this product.<br /><br />Staral"
 the instant McCann's becomes too thick and gluey."
 but some doctors now say that this form of sugar is better for you.  Great on a cold morning when you don't have time to make McCann's Steel Cut Oats.  The apple cinnamon is the best but the maple and brown sugar or the regular are good too.  Plus they don't require doctoring to actually tell the three flavors apart."
 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)"
 with fiber but won't make you bloat."
<br />Abby"
 convenient!"
 SO I ENDED UP TRYING THE APPLE AND CINN . FOUND IT TO BE VERY TASTEFULL WHEN MADE WITH WATER OR POWDERED MILK . IT GOES GOOD WITH O.J. AND COFFEE AND A SLICE OF TOAST AND YOUR READY TO TAKE ON THE WORLD...OR THE DAY AT LEAST..  JERRY REITH..."
 10-Count Boxes (Pack of 6)</a>"
 and extremely cheap..."
 love oatmeal."
I have McCann's Oatmeal every morning and by ordering it from Amazon I am able to save almost $3.00 per box.<br />It is a great product. Tastes great and very healthy
 this is excellent."
We really like the McCann's steel cut oats but find we don't cook it up too often.<br />This tastes much better to me than the grocery store brands and is just as convenient.<br />Anything that keeps me eating oatmeal regularly is a good thing.
 so I probably won't buy it again."
Good oatmeal.  I like the apple cinnamon the best.  Though I wouldn't follow the directions on the package since it always comes out too soupy for my taste.  That could just be me since I like my oatmeal really thick to add some milk on top of.
 I do not see any differce between this and Oaker Oats brand - they are both mushy."
 but not the variety. I'll get all Maple and Brown Sugar."
This is the same stuff you can buy at the big box stores.  There is nothing healthy about it.  It is just carbs and sugars.  Save your money and get something that at least has some taste.
 I don't like it. Quaker Oats is the way to go."
  but not ""burn your mouth forever hot""  its a nice temp...  Perfect for us.."
